There were many difficulties towards the middle/ end of creating this game. The three of us don't have many opportunities to meet and work together during class because everyone is not in good health. So the progress of the game is very slow. Then we divide the work according to each person's specialties. Kurt can make music, Percy can draw, and Conor can program, so we quickly determined the division of labor for everyone. This is a good thing, but when someone gets sick, someone will disappear, so other team members need to make up for it. It takes more time for those who are not good at it. We lack more communication. In addition, the incompatibility between Mac and PC also interferes with our work. Sometimes there will be uncertain problems, such as MAC and PC seeing different pictures (Camera, etc.).

The correct thing when making this game is that all team members have a consistent view on the theme and gameplay of the game. Everyone is very easy-going and will not have compulsive views on anyone. We quickly determined the theme and gameplay of the game.
Conor has completed the main programming that allows the game to run normally, which allows the game to perform a Playtest on time.
All team members follow the schedule during the first half of the production time.

The current production of this game is not very ideal. If we have more time in the future, we will definitely want to make this game to the same level as during brainstorming. More details are to complete the game. When we first conceived it, we wanted to add functional props to strengthen the player's skills.
\
ROLES-
Kurt Sha- Kurt was the main sound designer and helped program the game towards the latter half. In addition to this, he also helped with the devlog and postmortem
Percy Simms- Percy was the asset creator, UI designer, and created the itch page, presentation, and mainly wrote the devlog and postmortem.
Connor coded the core components of this project, including the player movement, bomb triggers, bomb detonators, etc.
